!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.7	//
Contact	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.h	/^struct Contact$/;"	s
CreateMenuBar	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.cpp	/^void PalringoWindow::CreateMenuBar()$/;"	f	class:PalringoWindow
CreateMenuBar	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^		void CreateMenuBar();$/;"	p	class:PalringoWindow
CreateTabContents	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.cpp	/^void PalringoWindow::CreateTabContents()$/;"	f	class:PalringoWindow
CreateTabContents	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^		void CreateTabContents();$/;"	p	class:PalringoWindow
LISTITEM_H	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.h	/^#define LISTITEM_H$/;"	d
LISTVIEWCONTAINER_H	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.h	/^#define LISTVIEWCONTAINER_H$/;"	d
ListItem	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.cpp	/^ListItem::ListItem( QWidget *parent )$/;"	f	class:ListItem
ListItem	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.h	/^        ListItem( QWidget *parent = 0 );$/;"	p	class:ListItem
ListItem	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.h	/^class ListItem : public QWidget$/;"	c
ListViewContainer	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.cpp	/^ListViewContainer::ListViewContainer( QWidget *parent, QString name )$/;"	f	class:ListViewContainer
ListViewContainer	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.h	/^    ListViewContainer( QWidget *parent = 0, QString name = "" );$/;"	p	class:ListViewContainer
ListViewContainer	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.h	/^class ListViewContainer : public QWidget$/;"	c
Nickname	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.h	/^    QString Nickname;$/;"	m	struct:Contact
Nickname	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/serviceitem.h	/^    QString Nickname;$/;"	m	struct:Service
OnlineStatus	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.h	/^    QString OnlineStatus;$/;"	m	struct:Contact
OnlineStatus	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/serviceitem.h	/^    QString OnlineStatus;$/;"	m	struct:Service
PALRINGOCHANNEL_H	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringochannel.h	/^#define PALRINGOCHANNEL_H$/;"	d
PALRINGOCONTACT_H	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.h	/^#define PALRINGOCONTACT_H$/;"	d
PALRINGOLISTVIEW_H	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.h	/^#define PALRINGOLISTVIEW_H$/;"	d
PALRINGOWINDOW_H	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^#define PALRINGOWINDOW_H$/;"	d
PalringoChannel	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringochannel.cpp	/^PalringoChannel::PalringoChannel()$/;"	f	class:PalringoChannel
PalringoChannel	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringochannel.h	/^		PalringoChannel();$/;"	p	class:PalringoChannel
PalringoChannel	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringochannel.h	/^class PalringoChannel$/;"	c
PalringoContact	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.cpp	/^PalringoContact::PalringoContact( QWidget *parent, Contact *contact )$/;"	f	class:PalringoContact
PalringoContact	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.h	/^        PalringoContact( QWidget *parent = 0, Contact *contact = NULL );$/;"	p	class:PalringoContact
PalringoContact	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.h	/^class PalringoContact : public ListItem$/;"	c
PalringoListView	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.cpp	/^PalringoListView::PalringoListView( QWidget *parent )$/;"	f	class:PalringoListView
PalringoListView	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.h	/^        PalringoListView( QWidget *parent = 0 );$/;"	p	class:PalringoListView
PalringoListView	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.h	/^class PalringoListView : public QScrollArea$/;"	c
PalringoWindow	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.cpp	/^PalringoWindow::PalringoWindow()$/;"	f	class:PalringoWindow
PalringoWindow	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^		PalringoWindow();$/;"	p	class:PalringoWindow
PalringoWindow	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^class PalringoWindow : public QMainWindow$/;"	c
SERVICEITEM_H	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/serviceitem.h	/^#define SERVICEITEM_H$/;"	d
Service	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/serviceitem.h	/^struct Service$/;"	s
ServiceItem	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/serviceitem.cpp	/^ServiceItem::ServiceItem()$/;"	f	class:ServiceItem
ServiceItem	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/serviceitem.h	/^    ServiceItem();$/;"	p	class:ServiceItem
ServiceItem	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/serviceitem.h	/^class ServiceItem : public ListItem$/;"	c
SetupActions	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.cpp	/^void PalringoWindow::SetupActions()$/;"	f	class:PalringoWindow
SetupActions	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^		void SetupActions();$/;"	p	class:PalringoWindow
SetupTabs	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.cpp	/^void PalringoWindow::SetupTabs()$/;"	f	class:PalringoWindow
SetupTabs	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^		void SetupTabs();$/;"	p	class:PalringoWindow
Statusline	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.h	/^    QString Statusline;$/;"	m	struct:Contact
Type	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/serviceitem.h	/^    QString Type;$/;"	m	struct:Service
UpdateContact	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.cpp	/^void PalringoWindow::UpdateContact()$/;"	f	class:PalringoWindow
UpdateContact	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^        void UpdateContact();$/;"	p	class:PalringoWindow
addServiceMenuAction	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^		QAction *addServiceMenuAction;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
appendWidget	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.cpp	/^void ListViewContainer::appendWidget( QWidget *widget )$/;"	f	class:ListViewContainer
appendWidget	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.h	/^    void appendWidget( QWidget *widget );$/;"	p	class:ListViewContainer
awayMenuAction	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^			QAction *awayMenuAction;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
busyMenuAction	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^			QAction *busyMenuAction;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
button	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.h	/^        QPushButton *button;$/;"	m	class:ListViewContainer
buttonClicked	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.cpp	/^void ListViewContainer::buttonClicked()$/;"	f	class:ListViewContainer
buttonClicked	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.h	/^        void buttonClicked();$/;"	p	class:ListViewContainer
contact	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.h	/^        Contact *contact;$/;"	m	class:PalringoContact
contactList	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^		PalringoListView *contactList;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
contacts	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.h	/^        QList<PalringoContact *> contacts;$/;"	m	class:PalringoListView
contactsPage	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^		QWidget *contactsPage;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
downarrow	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.h	/^        QPixmap *downarrow;$/;"	m	class:ListViewContainer
downarrow	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.h	/^        QPixmap *downarrow;$/;"	m	class:PalringoListView
exitMenuAction	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^		QAction *exitMenuAction;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
fileMenu	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^		QMenu *fileMenu;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
firstLine	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.h	/^        QLabel *firstLine;$/;"	m	class:ListItem
getContact	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.cpp	/^Contact* PalringoContact::getContact()$/;"	f	class:PalringoContact
getContact	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.h	/^        Contact* getContact();$/;"	p	class:PalringoContact
groupList	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^        PalringoListView *groupList;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
groupMembers	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringochannel.h	/^		QList<PalringoContact> *groupMembers;$/;"	m	class:PalringoChannel
icon	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.h	/^        QPixmap *icon;$/;"	m	class:ListItem
iconLabel	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.h	/^        QLabel *iconLabel;$/;"	m	class:ListItem
innerLayout	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.h	/^        QVBoxLayout *innerLayout;$/;"	m	class:ListViewContainer
invisibleMenuAction	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^			QAction *invisibleMenuAction;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
isGroup	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.h	/^        bool isGroup;$/;"	m	class:PalringoListView
layoutContainer	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.h	/^        QWidget *layoutContainer;$/;"	m	class:ListViewContainer
listLayout	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.h	/^        QVBoxLayout *listLayout;$/;"	m	class:PalringoListView
main	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/main.cpp	/^int main ( int argc, char *argv[] )$/;"	f
mainTabs	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^		QTabWidget *mainTabs;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
metaObject	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_listitem.cpp	/^const QMetaObject *ListItem::metaObject() const$/;"	f	class:ListItem
metaObject	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_listviewcontainer.cpp	/^const QMetaObject *ListViewContainer::metaObject() const$/;"	f	class:ListViewContainer
metaObject	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringocontact.cpp	/^const QMetaObject *PalringoContact::metaObject() const$/;"	f	class:PalringoContact
metaObject	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringolistview.cpp	/^const QMetaObject *PalringoListView::metaObject() const$/;"	f	class:PalringoListView
metaObject	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringowindow.cpp	/^const QMetaObject *PalringoWindow::metaObject() const$/;"	f	class:PalringoWindow
offlineContainer	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.h	/^        ListViewContainer *offlineContainer;$/;"	m	class:PalringoListView
offlineMenuAction	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^			QAction *offlineMenuAction;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
onlineContainer	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.h	/^        ListViewContainer *onlineContainer;$/;"	m	class:PalringoListView
onlineMenuAction	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^			QAction *onlineMenuAction;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
outerLayout	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.h	/^        QVBoxLayout *outerLayout;$/;"	m	class:ListViewContainer
overviewList	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^		PalringoListView *overviewList;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
overviewPage	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^		QWidget *overviewPage;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
paintEvent	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.cpp	/^void ListItem::paintEvent(QPaintEvent *)$/;"	f	class:ListItem
paintEvent	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.h	/^        void paintEvent( QPaintEvent *event );$/;"	p	class:ListItem
paintEvent	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.cpp	/^void ListViewContainer::paintEvent(QPaintEvent *)$/;"	f	class:ListViewContainer
paintEvent	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.h	/^        void paintEvent( QPaintEvent *event );$/;"	p	class:ListViewContainer
paintEvent	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.cpp	/^void PalringoContact::paintEvent(QPaintEvent *)$/;"	f	class:PalringoContact
paintEvent	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.h	/^        void paintEvent( QPaintEvent *event );$/;"	p	class:PalringoContact
palringoSubmenu	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^			QMenu *palringoSubmenu;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
qCleanupResources_qpalringo	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/qrc_qpalringo.cpp	/^int qCleanupResources_qpalringo()$/;"	f
qInitResources_qpalringo	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/qrc_qpalringo.cpp	/^int qInitResources_qpalringo()$/;"	f
qsa1	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^        QScrollArea *qsa1;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
qt_meta_data_ListItem	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_listitem.cpp	/^static const uint qt_meta_data_ListItem[] = {$/;"	v	file:
qt_meta_data_ListViewContainer	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_listviewcontainer.cpp	/^static const uint qt_meta_data_ListViewContainer[] = {$/;"	v	file:
qt_meta_data_PalringoContact	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringocontact.cpp	/^static const uint qt_meta_data_PalringoContact[] = {$/;"	v	file:
qt_meta_data_PalringoListView	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringolistview.cpp	/^static const uint qt_meta_data_PalringoListView[] = {$/;"	v	file:
qt_meta_data_PalringoWindow	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringowindow.cpp	/^static const uint qt_meta_data_PalringoWindow[] = {$/;"	v	file:
qt_meta_stringdata_ListItem	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_listitem.cpp	/^static const char qt_meta_stringdata_ListItem[] = {$/;"	v	file:
qt_meta_stringdata_ListViewContainer	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_listviewcontainer.cpp	/^static const char qt_meta_stringdata_ListViewContainer[] = {$/;"	v	file:
qt_meta_stringdata_PalringoContact	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringocontact.cpp	/^static const char qt_meta_stringdata_PalringoContact[] = {$/;"	v	file:
qt_meta_stringdata_PalringoListView	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringolistview.cpp	/^static const char qt_meta_stringdata_PalringoListView[] = {$/;"	v	file:
qt_meta_stringdata_PalringoWindow	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringowindow.cpp	/^static const char qt_meta_stringdata_PalringoWindow[] = {$/;"	v	file:
qt_metacall	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_listitem.cpp	/^int ListItem::qt_metacall(QMetaObject::Call _c, int _id, void **_a)$/;"	f	class:ListItem
qt_metacall	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_listviewcontainer.cpp	/^int ListViewContainer::qt_metacall(QMetaObject::Call _c, int _id, void **_a)$/;"	f	class:ListViewContainer
qt_metacall	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringocontact.cpp	/^int PalringoContact::qt_metacall(QMetaObject::Call _c, int _id, void **_a)$/;"	f	class:PalringoContact
qt_metacall	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringolistview.cpp	/^int PalringoListView::qt_metacall(QMetaObject::Call _c, int _id, void **_a)$/;"	f	class:PalringoListView
qt_metacall	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringowindow.cpp	/^int PalringoWindow::qt_metacall(QMetaObject::Call _c, int _id, void **_a)$/;"	f	class:PalringoWindow
qt_metacast	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_listitem.cpp	/^void *ListItem::qt_metacast(const char *_clname)$/;"	f	class:ListItem
qt_metacast	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_listviewcontainer.cpp	/^void *ListViewContainer::qt_metacast(const char *_clname)$/;"	f	class:ListViewContainer
qt_metacast	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringocontact.cpp	/^void *PalringoContact::qt_metacast(const char *_clname)$/;"	f	class:PalringoContact
qt_metacast	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringolistview.cpp	/^void *PalringoListView::qt_metacast(const char *_clname)$/;"	f	class:PalringoListView
qt_metacast	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringowindow.cpp	/^void *PalringoWindow::qt_metacast(const char *_clname)$/;"	f	class:PalringoWindow
qt_resource_data	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/qrc_qpalringo.cpp	/^static const unsigned char qt_resource_data[] = {$/;"	v	file:
qt_resource_name	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/qrc_qpalringo.cpp	/^static const unsigned char qt_resource_name[] = {$/;"	v	file:
qt_resource_struct	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/qrc_qpalringo.cpp	/^static const unsigned char qt_resource_struct[] = {$/;"	v	file:
removeWidget	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.cpp	/^void ListViewContainer::removeWidget( QWidget *widget )$/;"	f	class:ListViewContainer
removeWidget	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.h	/^    void removeWidget( QWidget *widget );$/;"	p	class:ListViewContainer
rightarrow	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.h	/^        QPixmap *rightarrow;$/;"	m	class:ListViewContainer
rightarrow	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.h	/^        QPixmap *rightarrow;$/;"	m	class:PalringoListView
secondLine	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.h	/^        QLabel *secondLine;$/;"	m	class:ListItem
setContactNickname	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.cpp	/^void PalringoContact::setContactNickname( QString nickname )$/;"	f	class:PalringoContact
setContactNickname	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.h	/^        void setContactNickname( QString nickname );$/;"	p	class:PalringoContact
setContactOnlineStatus	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.cpp	/^void PalringoContact::setContactOnlineStatus( QString onlinestatus )$/;"	f	class:PalringoContact
setContactOnlineStatus	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.h	/^        void setContactOnlineStatus( QString onlinestatus );$/;"	p	class:PalringoContact
setContactStatusline	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.cpp	/^void PalringoContact::setContactStatusline( QString statusline )$/;"	f	class:PalringoContact
setContactStatusline	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.h	/^        void setContactStatusline( QString statusline );$/;"	p	class:PalringoContact
setFirstLine	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.cpp	/^void ListItem::setFirstLine( QString text )$/;"	f	class:ListItem
setFirstLine	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.h	/^        virtual void setFirstLine( QString text );$/;"	p	class:ListItem
setIcon	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.cpp	/^void ListItem::setIcon( QString iconFilename )$/;"	f	class:ListItem
setIcon	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.h	/^        virtual void setIcon( QString iconFilename );$/;"	p	class:ListItem
setList	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.cpp	/^void PalringoListView::setList( QList<PalringoContact *> contacts )$/;"	f	class:PalringoListView
setList	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.h	/^        void setList( QList<PalringoContact *> contacts );$/;"	p	class:PalringoListView
setSecondLine	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.cpp	/^void ListItem::setSecondLine( QString text )$/;"	f	class:ListItem
setSecondLine	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.h	/^        virtual void setSecondLine( QString text );$/;"	p	class:ListItem
settingsMenuAction	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^		QAction *settingsMenuAction;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
setupContactList	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.cpp	/^void PalringoListView::setupContactList()$/;"	f	class:PalringoListView
setupContactList	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.h	/^        void setupContactList();$/;"	p	class:PalringoListView
setupGroupList	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.cpp	/^void PalringoListView::setupGroupList()$/;"	f	class:PalringoListView
setupGroupList	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.h	/^        void setupGroupList();$/;"	p	class:PalringoListView
setupOverview	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.cpp	/^void PalringoListView::setupOverview()$/;"	f	class:PalringoListView
setupOverview	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.h	/^        void setupOverview();$/;"	p	class:PalringoListView
staticMetaObject	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_listitem.cpp	/^const QMetaObject ListItem::staticMetaObject = {$/;"	m	class:ListItem	file:
staticMetaObject	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_listviewcontainer.cpp	/^const QMetaObject ListViewContainer::staticMetaObject = {$/;"	m	class:ListViewContainer	file:
staticMetaObject	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringocontact.cpp	/^const QMetaObject PalringoContact::staticMetaObject = {$/;"	m	class:PalringoContact	file:
staticMetaObject	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringolistview.cpp	/^const QMetaObject PalringoListView::staticMetaObject = {$/;"	m	class:PalringoListView	file:
staticMetaObject	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/moc_palringowindow.cpp	/^const QMetaObject PalringoWindow::staticMetaObject = {$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow	file:
updateOnlineStatus	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.cpp	/^void PalringoListView::updateOnlineStatus( int x )$/;"	f	class:PalringoListView
updateOnlineStatus	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.h	/^        void updateOnlineStatus( int x );$/;"	p	class:PalringoListView
usersContacts	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^		QList<PalringoContact *> usersContacts;$/;"	m	class:PalringoWindow
~ListItem	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.cpp	/^ListItem::~ListItem() { }$/;"	f	class:ListItem
~ListItem	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listitem.h	/^        ~ListItem();$/;"	p	class:ListItem
~ListViewContainer	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.cpp	/^ListViewContainer::~ListViewContainer()$/;"	f	class:ListViewContainer
~ListViewContainer	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/listviewcontainer.h	/^    ~ListViewContainer();$/;"	p	class:ListViewContainer
~PalringoChannel	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringochannel.cpp	/^PalringoChannel::~PalringoChannel()$/;"	f	class:PalringoChannel
~PalringoChannel	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringochannel.h	/^		~PalringoChannel();$/;"	p	class:PalringoChannel
~PalringoContact	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.cpp	/^PalringoContact::~PalringoContact() { }$/;"	f	class:PalringoContact
~PalringoContact	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringocontact.h	/^        ~PalringoContact();$/;"	p	class:PalringoContact
~PalringoListView	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.cpp	/^PalringoListView::~PalringoListView()$/;"	f	class:PalringoListView
~PalringoListView	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringolistview.h	/^        ~PalringoListView();$/;"	p	class:PalringoListView
~PalringoWindow	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.cpp	/^PalringoWindow::~PalringoWindow()$/;"	f	class:PalringoWindow
~PalringoWindow	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/palringowindow.h	/^		~PalringoWindow();$/;"	p	class:PalringoWindow
~ServiceItem	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/serviceitem.cpp	/^ServiceItem::~ServiceItem()$/;"	f	class:ServiceItem
~ServiceItem	/home/andrew/workspace/qpalringo/trunk/src/serviceitem.h	/^    ~ServiceItem();$/;"	p	class:ServiceItem
